docs: add release notes for 0.26.2 (#8245)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Version 0.26
**************

Version 0.26.2
==============

**Release Date:** October 25, 2023

Notice: The ``ruamel.yaml`` library's 0.18.0 release includes breaking changes that affect earlier

> versions of Determined. The failure behavior is that commands which emit YAML like ``det experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions of Determined. The failure behavior is that commands that emit YAML, such as ``det experiment
```

> config`` will emit nothing to ``stdout`` or ``stderr`` message but exit 1 (originating from the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config``, will emit nothing to ``stdout`` or ``stderr`` but instead silently exit 1 due to the new
```

> ``ruamel.yaml`` library). This release of Determined has included a ``ruamel.yaml<0.18.0``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of ``ruamel.yaml``. This release of Determined has included a ``ruamel.yaml<0.18.0``
```

requirement, but older versions of Determined will also be affected, so users of older versions of
Determined may have to manually downgrade ``ruamel.yaml`` if they observe this behavior.

**New Features**

> -  Python SDK: various new features and enhancements. A few highlights are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Python SDK: Add various new features and enhancements. A few highlights are listed below.
```

>       -  Add support for downloading a zipped archive of experiment code

Reviewer: Remove three spaces of indentation from all inner lists. These all currently specify [definition lists](https://restructuredtextmenu.readthedocs.io/en/latest/lists/definition.html).

         (:meth:`Experiment.download_code
         <determined.experimental.client.Experiment.download_code>`).

      -  Add support for :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Project` and
         :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Workspace` as SDK objects.

      -  Surface more attributes to resource classes, including ``hparams`` and ``summary_metrics``
         for :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Trial`.

      -  Add support for fetching and filtering multiple experiments with
         :meth:`client.list_experiments <determined.experimental.client.list_experiments>`.

      -  Add support for filtering trial logs by timestamp and a query string using
         :meth:`Trial.iter_logs <determined.experimental.client.Trial.iter_logs>`.

      -  All resource objects now have a ``.reload()`` method that refreshes the resource's
         attributes from the server. Previously, attributes were most easily refreshed by creating
         an entirely new object.

> -  Python SDK: all ``GET`` API calls now retry the request (maximum of 5 times) on failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Python SDK: All ``GET`` API calls now retry the request up to 5 times on failure.
```

**Deprecated Features**

> -  Python SDK: several methods have been renamed for better API standardization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Python SDK: Several methods have been renamed for better API standardization.
```

>       -  ``list_*`` and ``iter_*`` for methods returning a ``List`` and ``Iterator``, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Methods returning a ``List`` and ``Iterator`` now have names starting with ``list_*`` and ``iter_*``, respectively.
```

      -  :class:`~determined.experimental.client.TrialReference` and
         :class:`~determined.experimental.client.ExperimentReference` are now
         :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Trial` and
         :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Experiment`.

-  Python SDK: consolidate various ways of fetching checkpoints.
      -  :meth:`Experiment.top_checkpoint

>          <determined.experimental.client.Experiment.top_checkpoint>`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <determined.experimental.client.Experiment.top_checkpoint>` and
```

         :meth:`Experiment.top_n_checkpoints

>          <determined.experimental.client.Experiment.top_n_checkpoints>` deprecated in favor of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <determined.experimental.client.Experiment.top_n_checkpoints>` are deprecated in favor of
```

         :meth:`Experiment.list_checkpoints
         <determined.experimental.client.Experiment.list_checkpoints>`.

      -  :meth:`Trial.get_checkpoints <determined.experimental.client.Trial.get_checkpoints>`,
         :meth:`Trial.top_checkpoint <determined.experimental.client.Trial.top_checkpoint>`, and
         :meth:`Trial.select_checkpoint <determined.experimental.client.Trial.select_checkpoint>`

>          deprecated in favor of :meth:`Trial.list_checkpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         are deprecated in favor of :meth:`Trial.list_checkpoints
```

         <determined.experimental.client.Trial.list_checkpoints>`.

> -  Python SDK: deprecate resource ordering enum classes (``CheckpointOrderBy``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Python SDK: Deprecate resource ordering enum classes (``CheckpointOrderBy``,
```

>    ``ExperimentOrderBy``, ``TrialOrderBy``, ``ModelOrderBy``) in favor of a singular shared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``ExperimentOrderBy``, ``TrialOrderBy``, ``ModelOrderBy``) in favor of a shared
```

      :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Trial`.

   -  Add support for fetching and filtering multiple experiments with
      :meth:`client.list_experiments <determined.experimental.client.list_experiments>`.

   -  Add support for filtering trial logs by timestamp and a query string using
      :meth:`Trial.iter_logs <determined.experimental.client.Trial.iter_logs>`.

   -  All resource objects now have a ``.reload()`` method that refreshes the resource's attributes
      from the server. Previously, attributes were most easily refreshed by creating an entirely new
      object.

-  Python SDK: All ``GET`` API calls now retry the request up to 5 times on failure.

**Deprecated Features**

-  Python SDK: Several methods have been renamed for better API standardization.

   -  Methods returning a ``List`` and ``Iterator`` now have names starting with ``list_*`` and
      ``iter_*``, respectively.

   -  :class:`~determined.experimental.client.TrialReference` and
      :class:`~determined.experimental.client.ExperimentReference` are now
      :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Trial` and
      :class:`~determined.experimental.client.Experiment`.

> -  Python SDK: consolidate various ways of fetching checkpoints.

Reviewer: Whoops, missed one.
```suggestion
-  Python SDK: Consolidate various ways of fetching checkpoints.
```
